[wind blowing]
[pinwheel clicking]
‐ Eh?
[nose twitches]
Hi there. Are you lost?
[pinwheel clicking]
‐ RIKU: Lady Towa!
‐ Huh?
Rion! Riku!
Huh? Uh...
‐ What is it
that you're looking for?
‐ That little boy
who was just right here.
‐ Oh? As far as I could tell,
you were alone.
‐ Yes, and you shouldn't be.
I hope you will permit us both
to accompany you.
‐ Uh, why's that?
‐ Because of my Aunt Zero.
She has put a target
on your life.
‐ [gasps]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Nanahoshi's Mini Galaxy."
[insects chirping]
[boat creaking]
[mysterious music playing]
ZERO: So this
is Nanahoshi's mansion.
I see why people come here.
It is a fitting place
for one to die
and escape from one's
pain and suffering.
‐ Welcome to my mansion.
My name is Nanahoshi,
and by reading
the movements of the stars,
I am able to grant your wish.
‐ [laughs]
And for granting me my wish,
what do you ask for
in return, Lord Nanahoshi?
‐ I desire only the pain and
sorrow that burden your heart.
You see,
those bitter tears of anguish
that are shed by commoners
are a most exquisite delicacy
to me. [laughs]
‐ I'd heard you have
a very peculiar diet.
‐ [grunts] If you
have no business here,
then I will
simply take your tears.
‐ Go on, then.
Please, do help yourself.
‐ This piece of the finest
aromatic wood in the world
is the Mini Galaxy.
Provide it
with people's sorrows,
and it releases
the most splendid fragrance.
‐ [laughs]
‐ [gasps] What is this?
‐ Oh, what's the matter?
Do you not like what you see,
good sir?
‐ There's no sorrow
in your heart.
[gasps] But how
is that possible?
[dramatic music playing]
‐ All of my sorrow,
I have sealed it away
in these Rainbow Pearls of mine,
so you'll get no tears from me.
‐ [gasping]
[screams]
I can't move my body!
What's the meaning of this?
What do you want with me,
you infernal witch?!
‐ I'm going to set
a little trap,
and you're going
to be part of it,
you and the Mini Galaxy.
[horse snorting]
‐ Hey, what is that?
‐ It's called "hand cream,"
I guess.
‐ Here, Setsuna.
Take this with you.
‐ Hmm?
‐ It's hand cream.
It smells like lavender.
‐ What is "hand cream"?
‐ [chuckles]
While you're up north,
try putting some of it on
if you feel
your skin getting dry.
‐ Ah.
‐ Anyway...
take care of yourself.
HISUI: Hmm.
[pinwheel clicking]
‐ [nose twitches]
‐ Huh?
‐ This stuff here?
It's called "hand cream."
‐ Huh?
‐ Uh, no.
I wasn't talking to you, Hisui.
‐ Uh...
‐ Huh?
[stammers]
Must have been an apparition
or a spirit of some kind.
NANASUKE: Look!
It's starting to snow.
ROKUTA: That's something
we'll be seeing
a lot more of up in the north.
KOHAKU: Let's hurry!
We need to get there
in time for the rendezvous.
[tense music playing]
[eye hums]
‐ [energy hums]
‐ GUARD: Now get in there, you!
‐ [yelps]
What're you doin'?
Let me outta here! I'm innocent!
‐ Yeah, you're innocent.
And I'm a honey badger!
‐ Hey, I was just passing by!
You guys have
some kind of law against that?
‐ Save your breath.
We know you're working
for that traitor, Takechiyo.
You're in big trouble.
‐ Okay, so I guess they're
not as dumb as they look.
And if that's the case,
arguing's not
gonna get me anywhere.
[birds chirping]
[bicycle clicking]
‐ Extraordinary.
‐ Huh? Oh, you mean this thing?
They call it a bicycle
where I'm from.
‐ Oh, yes.
That is extraordinary as well,
but actually I was
referring to you, Lady Towa.
‐ To me?
Well, yeah. I suppose...
I'm not your typical person
of this time period.
‐ I have no other choice but
to follow at a safe distance.
Otherwise Kirinmaru
will find out
where they are for sure.
Huh?
‐ [wind blowing]
‐ Oh, my.
It would appear that
my efforts were for naught.
‐ You're a very kind person,
Lady Towa,
but also you're
a very strong person.
That is why
I have complete confidence
that you are
just the person to rely on.
‐ [gasps]
‐ You think so?
I'm not so sure anymore.
I've been told that my skills
still need a lot more practice.
‐ Do they, now? Well, what I say
is that you are the light
that gives us hope, Lady Towa.
‐ I hope you will forgive me for
interrupting your conversation,
but I'm afraid we have
an unwelcome visitor.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Who are you talking about?
[tense music playing]
Kirinmaru!
‐ Father!
‐ Stay right where you are!
I will give my life
to defend you.
[wind blowing]
[gear rattling]
‐ This is an impressive row
of houses.
HISUI: These people
seem pretty well off.
‐ But of course they are.
After all,
they were able to hire
outside demon slayers like us.
‐ Uh, sir, why is it
the people in this area
are so wealthy, anyway?
‐ Well, from what I hear,
it's all because
of their local village shrine.
It holds the divine treasure
known as the Blessing
of the Five Grains,
which is said to bring
good fortune to the land.
‐ And this place
is the Gokoku Village
that requested our services?
KOHAKU: That's right.
‐ Hey, it's Kohaku!
‐ Kuzu and Yamata!
It's been a long time.
How have the two of you
been doing?
‐ Oh, we're doing just great.
What's it been, like 15 years?
‐ The chief of the north
sends you his best regards,
by the way.
‐ You mean your chief's
not gonna be here himself?
‐ The one thing
he can't fight is old age.
This man Goro
has come in his stead.
‐ It is an honor to meet you.
These here are Rokuta, Nanasuke.
That's Hisui and lastly Setsuna.
‐ A female demon slayer?
Haven't seen one of those
since Lady Sango.
‐ Come on. She's only a kid.
You want us to believe
she's really ready for this?
‐ She may be young,
but trust me.
Her skills already rival
those of my older sister.
‐ [scoffs] Yeah, well,
I'll believe that when I see it.
‐ Then allow me to show you.
I will take you on
anytime you want.
‐ Ah, he's not worth it.
‐ This will not be an easy job.
To stop all the mayhem,
we have to get rid
of a large herd of Flame Bulls.
‐ Flame Bulls?
‐ Cattle demons.
They go around burning houses,
farms, even whole forests.
‐ But wait a minute.
I thought Flame Bulls
always obeyed their master,
who's the local deity,
so why are they
running wild, then?
‐ 'Cause they are obeying him.
‐ Yeah. It's their master,
the local deity,
who sent the Flame Bulls
on a rampage.
‐ That changes things.
So to stop the Flame Bulls,
we have to appease
the local deity first?
‐ You still think
you're up to it?
‐ Hmph!
‐ [whoosh]
‐ Help! A Flame Bull!
‐ [all gasp]
‐ A Flame Bull is here!
[villagers yelling]
‐ No!
‐ Look!
‐ [bellows]
‐ Hiraikotsu!
‐ It blocked it!
‐ Kirara, wait here.
‐ [meows]
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [bellows]
‐ She defeated that Flame Bull
with her first shot.
‐ Very impressive.
I see what you mean now
about her rivaling your sister.
‐ Help them put out the fire.
Give 'em a hand.
‐ Yes, sir!
‐ [meows]
‐ You've raised a fine
demon slayer there, Kohaku.
‐ Thank you.
And she's still growing.
‐ Now seems like a good time.
‐ [click]
‐ Ta‐da!
They may have confiscated
my bow and arrows,
but they missed
this handy‐dandy thing.
[chuckles]
[grunting]
Eh...
‐ [click]
‐ [laughs]
Yes!
Okay, am I a genius or what?
[tense music playing]
[Riku and Rion gasp]
TOWA: My gut tells me
we should run away.
I know that would be
the right thing to do,
the smart thing to do,
but for some reason
no matter how hard
I try to convince myself,
I just can't do it!
COURTIER: His Young Excellency!
[scraping]
‐ [grunts]
Ah. [chuckles]
Now let's see.
Hey! That's my bow!
‐ So what have you done with
that intruder from last night?
‐ What the hell?! He looks
exactly like Takechiyo!
‐ Your Excellency,
we locked her in the dungeon.
‐ If she is indeed the daughter
of that vile priestess Kagome,
then she is an enemy
of the Full Moon Raccoon Dog.
Furthermore, if her father's
that accursed Inuyasha,
she's the spawn of the fiend
who scarred my face!
‐ Whoa! These people hate me,
like, really hate me.
‐ But, Shogen,
are you absolutely certain
that she's working
for my older brother?
that‐ Oh, yes.king
There can be no mistake.
‐ Ah, my dear brother,
how I miss him so.
‐ Lord Kikunosuke!
Takechiyo is the villain
who nearly brought ruin
to the Mamidaira Clan.
He is no longer
a brother to you or anyone.
‐ Yes, of course. You're right.
Forgive me.
‐ [screen slides]
‐ [retainer gasps]
Sir! Sir! The intruder,
they've just escaped
from the dungeon!
‐ All of you,
spread out and find her!
‐ COURT: Yes, sir!
‐ [Moroha groans]
Guess I'll have to fetch
my bow and arrow later.
‐ It's been a long time,
my daughter.
‐ Not that long, Father.
Have you already forgotten
how the two of us met
in your dreams every night?
‐ Dreams are one thing.
Reality is another.
As long as you're enjoying
the sensation
of walking this earth
on your own feet,
that is enough.
‐ You call this real?
This body is just a vessel
made of bones and grave soil!
‐ Do you despise me that much,
your own father?
‐ Yes, my own father
who kept me prisoner
on Mount Musubi for centuries!
‐ [sighs]
Can't you see
I did this all for you?
But no matter.
No one will keep me
from my dream
of journeying beyond space
and time, not any of you.
Not even
my most beloved daughter.
‐ [gasps]
‐ We'll see about that.
‐ And as for you two,
do you think
you can protect Rion from me?
[flute playing]
‐ [grunts]
I can and will protect her!
‐ That sword.
You gave it to her?
If I'm facing the Zanseiken,
then I guess I don't need
to hold back now, do I?
‐ Come on!
I'll fight you one on one!
‐ [scoffs]
Watch, Rion,
and you'll begin to understand
just how much more powerful
your father has become.
‐ How shameless he is.
‐ Lady Towa, this might not be
the time to cross swords.
‐ I won't run away!
‐ But, Lady Towa...
‐ [yells]
[gasps]
That was close.
[pinwheel clicking]
It's that kid again.
‐ What is it?
What was it you just saw?
[gear clicking]
‐ Tell me, Miss Rion,
do you see or sense anything?
‐ No, not a thing.
[gear clicking]
‐ So she can see Akuru.
‐ Eh?
[eyes twitch]
[chuckles]
‐ [pinwheel clicking]
‐ Uh...
he's gone.
All right, come on!
Let's do this!
‐ The child you saw...
was he carrying a pinwheel
in his hand?
‐ Why are you even asking?
Yeah, of course he was.
‐ You truly are
Sesshomaru's daughter.
[all gasp]
‐ Not everyone can see Akuru.
The ability to see him
might very well
be unique to your clan.
‐ Huh?
‐ Clearly, Father,
the Windmill of Time
no longer favors you.
In fact,
your time's already over.
‐ Then let's see you
try to end it.
‐ I believe
the world we have yet to see
lies with Lady Towa
and not with you!
Only time will tell.
However, as you have
chosen to defy me,
be prepared
for a difficult path ahead.
‐ Kirinmaru, you can't run!
‐ Lady Towa‐‐
‐ [winces]
‐ Riku!
KIRINMARU: We will meet again...
Sesshomaru's daughter.
‐ Riku! I'm sorry!
That was my fault.
‐ [gasps] I let my guard down.
My eyes, I can't see anything.
[both gasp]
‐ First a shaman,
now demon slayers.
Such foolish people.
They never learn.
‐ [music playing]
‐ [rustling]
KOHAKU: Excuse me, sir,
but what is that shaman doing?
‐ I asked him
to summon a blizzard
and surround our village
with it.
‐ So this snowstorm is...
‐ The result
of his prayers, yes.
It's unlikely the Flame Bulls
will attack during a blizzard.
The cold and snow
will greatly weaken
the flames of their horns.
‐ Sounds like you
solved things already,
so why bother to call us in?
‐ Well, it isn't that simple.
We can't go on living our lives
in a perpetual blizzard forever.
‐ No, of course you can't.
But the minute
you call off the blizzard,
the Flame Bulls
will start attacking again.
Is that right?
‐ Exactly.
‐ The eight of us will split up
and guard the village from
an attack in any direction.
Fending off the Flame Bulls
should be doable,
but their master,
the local deity's, the problem.
‐ Yes, Mayonaka simply
cannot be reasoned with.
He is a problem indeed.
‐ Mayonaka?
So he's the local deity?
‐ Yes.
‐ But why?
Why would he
be attacking the village?
There has to be
some reason for it.
‐ I have no idea!
It's an utter mystery.
‐ [grunts]
By the way, if I remember right,
wasn't there once
a local deity named Mahiruma
who lived in this land?
‐ [gasps]
So you know about him, do you?
‐ The divine object you call
the Blessing of the Five Grains,
would we be able to see it?
‐ [sighs]
Very well, then.
[wind blowing]
‐ [wind fades]
‐ [birds chirping]
NANASUKE: It's as if the sun
was shining on this spot alone.
HEADMAN: Thanks to
this divine treasure,
every village in this area
enjoys the benefits
of fertile fields
and abundant crops.
KOHAKU: So this is
the Blessing of the Five Grains.
‐ I'll bet you anything
this is what Mayonaka is after.
‐ I can definitely see why too.
Not just him, either.
Warlords, demons,
other deities from far off,
who wouldn't covet such a thing?
‐ Exactly!
Please help us, demon slayers.
If you do, you will be
rewarded most handsomely.
‐ What do you think?
‐ Hmm.
If the leader
of the northern demon slayers
was willing to sign on, then...
‐ All right! Then let's
start setting some traps
for those Flame Bulls.
‐ Got it. That's a good idea.
‐ Tell me. What if you
just handed this treasure over
to Mayonaka? What then?
‐ Ridiculous!
If we did that,
this village
would cease to exist!
Where would we be
without our divine treasure?
[birds squawking]
TOWA: I'm really sorry, Riku.
This is all my fault.
‐ No, it isn't.
Riku was injured because of me.
‐ Please stop.
You're both wrong.
I'm the one
who let his guard down.
But Kirinmaru...
is also blind now.
He can't use me as a way to
pinpoint our location anymore,
so in a way,
it's a blessing in disguise.
‐ But if only I'd been
a little more careful...
‐ Please stop blaming yourself,
Lady Towa.
The fact is,
sometimes being able to see
can cause you
to overlook the truth.
‐ [panting]
[guards yelling]
‐ [chuckles]
Hey, I know you're
all just doing your job,
and I really
don't wanna hurt you,
so make sure
you dodge this, okay?!
Crimson Dragon Wave!
[dragon roars]
[guards scream]
‐ [laughs]
Huh?
[energy hums]
‐ [laughs]
So many years,
I have waited for revenge!
‐ [laughs]
So you finally showed up, huh...
Full Moon Raccoon Dog.
With this rouge,
I become Beniyasha,
Destroyer of Lands!
‐ Wait, Moroha! Hold on!
‐ Huh?
‐ If you use your rouge now,
then you'll be unconscious
for an entire day!
‐ That's all in the past,
Takechiyo.
I've learned how to control it.
Now bear witness to the power of
the new and improved Beniyasha!
‐ [growls]
[roars]
‐ Crimson Backlash Wave!
[dragon roars]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [stammers]
[Japanese music playing]
[music playing]
TOWA: The demon slayers
try to protect Gokoku Village
from a local deity
named Mayonaka.
But they soon find out there's
a traitor in their midst!
Wake up, Moroha!
This is no time for sleeping!
We need to listen carefully
if we're going to uncover
the hidden truth!
Next time on Yashahime:
"Mayonaka the Visitor."
What? You're going to try and
use the Yukari no Tachikiri?